How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  In this course, I have just tested code, and that was a touch excessive in certain situations to make sure that everything works. Prior to enrolling in this program, I was unaware of how involved this was. By adhering to the specifications and writing thorough tests that have a high coverage % when the code is tested, I can make sure my code is secure and functional. This was accomplished in my course program by testing repeatedly until my coverage percentages reached at least 90%. The criteria had to be followed in order to make sure the code was secure, and rigorous tests based on the requirements had to be written.
  
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program? 
  I deconstruct user needs into components that will or won't operate with a program after reading the user's needs. The limitations on submission length and empty submissions immediately spring to mind as an example. The first was the restriction on names being null or longer than 10 characters. After reading it, I used an if statement to include it into the program, covering both possible failure scenarios. This is a fundamental approach to turning a need into a program because it turns the need directly into a success condition. Sometimes needs are more complicated and require further investigation.In a different class, I had to create a program that could add time to two different clocks with the click of a button. That wasn't broken down into a program in the same way since, although you had the broad requirement, it wasn't as straightforward as just making an exception for an illegal argument.
  
How do I approach designing software
  I need to work on my software design methodology. If that approach is adopted, I usually look at the requirements documents or the interview transcripts and make a list of the demands. I then, if necessary, break down these criteria into a list of the objects and methods that are required to achieve them. Then, with my numerous lists in front of me, I start developing the code necessary to satisfy those demands. Once the code is functional, I go back and, where possible, improve its efficiency. I've found it to be a really efficient method so far in my studies, but I could definitely use a more thorough and perceptive strategy.
